our tale of the tape for this light
heavyweight fight and now with the
official introductions of our fighters
Bruce Buffer ladies and gentlemen
despite his three rounds in the UFC Rhea
light heavyweight division introducing
first fighting out of the blue corner
this man is a muy Thai and jiu-jitsu
fighter he stands 6 feet 2 inches tall
weighing in at 205 pound why they got
accurate Eva Brazil under son
and now fighting out of the red corner
this man is a mixed martial artist he
stands 6 feet 1 inch tall weighing in at
205 pounds running in a fur vine
California by way of Memphis Tennessee
with tongue
it jacked on
when the action begins a referee in
charge of this contest is herb dean herb
Dino referee are you ready to fight are
you ready anderson silva Quinton Rampage
Jackson and here we go when people speak
of Anderson Silva they see the highlight
reel knockouts like the knockout of
Chris Leben and the beating he put on
rich franklin not once but twice but joe
his ground game is as spectacular as is
striking prowess out sandy ground game
trains with Minotauro Nogueira got his
black belt from Nogueira you see in the
Henderson fight an excellent example of
how solid his ground game is submitted
dan Henderson with a rear naked choke
which is a very difficult task indeed
fan Oh fish is grounded pass the time
can he finish it here they might have to
stop this
something needs to change
you